CSEALENTRY changes (#96)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cap-description.adoc

==== Sealed (S) Bit

ifdef::cheri_v9_annotations[]
WARNING: *CHERI v9:* The sealing bit is new (1-bit otype) and the old CHERI v9
otype no longer exists. Please note that this bit indicates the result of what
was done in two instructions in CHERI v9: CSeal for sealed capabilities and
CSealEntry for sealed entry capabilties.
endif::[]

This bit indicates that a capability is sealed if the bit is 1 or unsealed if it is 0.

The sealing bit conflates two concepts in one bit: Sealing data capabilities and

> creating sealed entry (sentry) capabilities.

Reviewer: I don't recall the concept of a "sealed entry" explained in this spec. Could you write a couple of sentences elaborating on this?

Sealed capabilities cannot be dereferenced to access memory and are immutable
such that modifying any of its fields clears the tag of the output capability.
Sealed capabilities might be useful to software as tokens that can be passed
around. The only way of removing the seal bit of a capability is by rebuilding

> it via a superset capability with <<CBUILDCAP>>. This architecture does not offer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
it via a superset capability with <<CBUILDCAP>>. {cheri_base_ext_name} does not offer
```
Maybe like this instead?

> an unseal instruction.

Reviewer: This is best written as a note in the architecture

> For code capabilities, the sealing bit is used to implement immutable

Reviewer: I think "code capabilities" are sentries. Right? It would be good to consistently use the same language across the descriptions

==== Sealed (S) Bit

ifdef::cheri_v9_annotations[]
WARNING: *CHERI v9:* The sealing bit is new (1-bit otype) and the old CHERI v9
otype no longer exists. Please note that this bit indicates the result of what
was done in two instructions in CHERI v9: CSeal for sealed capabilities and
CSealEntry for sealed entry capabilties.
endif::[]

This bit indicates that a capability is sealed if the bit is 1 or unsealed if it is 0.

The sealing bit conflates two concepts in one bit: Sealing data capabilities and
creating sealed entry capabilities as described below.

Sealed capabilities cannot be dereferenced to access memory and are immutable
such that modifying any of its fields clears the tag of the output capability.

NOTE: Sealed capabilities might be useful to software as tokens that can be passed
around. The only way of removing the seal bit of a capability is by rebuilding
it via a superset capability with <<CBUILDCAP>>. {cheri_base_ext_name} does not offer
an unseal instruction.

For code capabilities, the sealing bit is used to implement immutable
capabilities that describe function entry points. Such capabilities can be leveraged

> to establish a form control-flow integrity between mutually distrusting code. These

Reviewer: Probably a typo? "a form _of_ control-flow"
